um on my last video my 308 Winchester
jammed I'm gonna get that fixed
let me I'm gonna do one on the 3030
right now what I'm saying
on the 30-30 is a lighter good Oh mine
is I don't really know on the Western
field I don't know my grandfather gave
it to me
oh this is my first deer rifle on its
lever-action that's one thing I don't
like about it cuz I'm more of a
semi-automatic or boat guy um there's
not a safety on it that's another thing
I have a problem with um one thing I do
like about the scope though is as you
can see it has little bars so you can
also look at your iron sights which is
good if your scopes off like kill my
first deer this year first time ever
been hunting and my scope was off I'll
look down there
there was about 130 yards I looked down
and I was like oh gosh my scopes off
with my cousin Jeff and so I was like
mom got hit with the iron sights it's
hard pound of I'm pointing down there I
shoot miss I'm like okay we'll crap all
herd is there's two baby deer with her
they ran off so that addictive shells
crap it's like she just stood there I
was like you know what the scare enough
she'll pull it back in there boom
dropped her where she stood but uh yeah
that's one reason I like this kind of
scope it's a uh and I don't really know
it says golden rifleman United I don't
know United variable forever that means
recalls less than the thirty the 308
it's a smaller shell I'm gonna actually
be able to load this one in there this
time I still couldn't do that pops right
out
you can see it's got this little right
here she can load more than one show in
so if you like I did this the first time
then you know you've got
one chance to hit it it's a smaller gun
see how small that is compared to the
bigger 308 308 heavier but actually I
figured out that a heavier gun produces
look less recoil don't ask me why I just
figured that out
yeah 3030 it's a pretty good gun good
starter D rifle that are 243 but recoil
its overall pretty good gun wrinkles not
bad at all good for your rifle Madeira